# alicdn
afp.alicdn.com @ads
appdownload.alicdn.com @ads
atanx.alicdn.com @ads
atanx2.alicdn.com @ads
cbu01.alicdn.com @ads
gma.alicdn.com @ads
gtms01.alicdn.com @ads
gtms02.alicdn.com @ads
gtms03.alicdn.com @ads
gtms04.alicdn.com @ads
nbsdk-baichuan.alicdn.com @ads

# alipay
amdc.alipay.com @ads
alipaylog.com @ads

# aliyun
acjs.aliyun.com @ads
beacon-api.aliyuncs.com @ads
click.aliyun.com @ads
fineboost-loghub.ap-southeast-1.log.aliyuncs.com @ads
osfota.cdn.aliyun.com @ads
osupdate.aliyun.com @ads
shihuo.shihuo.cn-hangzhou.log.aliyuncs.com @ads

# taobao
accscdn.m.taobao.com @ads
acs4baichuan.m.taobao.com @ads
adash-c.ut.taobao.com @ads
adash.m.taobao.com @ads
adashbc.m.taobao.com @ads
adashbc.ut.taobao.com @ads
adashx.m.taobao.com @ads
adashx4ae.ut.taobao.com @ads
adashx4yt.m.taobao.com @ads
adashxgc.ut.taobao.com @ads
adsh.m.taobao.com @ads
agoodm.m.taobao.com @ads
agoodm.wapa.taobao.com @ads
amdc.m.taobao.com @ads
api.wapa.taobao.com @ads
api.waptest.taobao.com @ads
apoll.m.taobao.com @ads
c-adash.m.taobao.com @ads
click.mz.simba.taobao.com @ads
count.taobao.com @ads
dsp.simba.taobao.com @ads
err.taobao.com @ads
fav.simba.taobao.com @ads
ff.win.taobao.com @ads
g.click.taobao.com @ads
g.tbcdn.cn @ads
hz.pre.tbusergw.taobao.net @ads
hz.tbusergw.taobao.net @ads
intl.wapa.taobao.com @ads
intl.waptest.taobao.com @ads
m-adash.m.taobao.com @ads
m.intl.taobao.com @ads
m.simba.taobao.com @ads
nbsdk-baichuan.taobao.com @ads
openjmacs.m.taobao.com @ads
pcookie.taobao.com @ads
pindao.huoban.taobao.com @ads
re.m.taobao.com @ads
redirect.simba.taobao.com @ads
rj.m.taobao.co @ads
rj.m.taobao.com @ads
s.click.taobao.com @ads
sdkinit.taobao.com @ads
shop115048570.taobao.com @ads
show.re.taobao.com @ads
simaba.taobao.com @ads
simba.m.taobao.com @ads
srd.simba.taobao.com @ads
strip.taobaocdn.com @ads
tejia.taobao.com @ads
temai.taobao.com @ads
textlink.simba.taobao.com @ads
tns.simba.taobao.com @ads
tui.taobao.com @ads
tunion-api.m.taobao.com @ads
tyh.taobao.com @ads
umengjmacs.m.taobao.com @ads
w.m.taobao.com @ads
wb.110.taobao.com @ads
amdc.m.taobao.com @ads
apoll.m.taobao.com @ads

# other
a.alimama.cn @ads
adchina.com @ads
cdn0.mobmore.com @ads
cm.ipinyou.com @ads
cm.mlt01.com @ads
ex.mobmore.com @ads
ex.puata.info @ads
feedback.whalecloud.com @ads
fm.p0y.cn @ads
hydra.alibaba.com @ads
i.ipinyou.com @ads
init.phpwind.com @ads
jxlog.istreamsche.com @ads
log.umtrack.com @ads
match.p4p.1688.com @ads
material.istreamsche.com @ads
mlt01.com @ads
osupdateservice.yunos.com @ads
push.wandoujia.com @ads
stats.ipinyou.com @ads
tanxlog.istreamsche.com @ads
tongji.linezing.com @ads
tvupgrade.yunos.com @ads
userimg.qunar.com @ads
yiliao.hupan.com @ads
